The ADS power circuit's main function is to supply power to all sensors, actuators and computers used to allow the car to complete its Autonomous missions.

You will note that the power circuit does not have any of these sensors or computers on it. This is because they would only serve to clutter the schematic and are not necessary for the illustration of power. Instead there are power symbols that show which item the current is going to. There is a separate sheet that's purpose is to document the actuator and motor powering, see "Actuator_drive" and the one that documents the sensors and compute is called "Compute_sensors". Both of these will have  power symbols corresponding to what is in the power circuit to show where they get their power.

The ADS power circuit consists of two main sub circuits: 1. That which is gated by the SW80 contactor 2. That which is not. This stems from the rule T14.5.5 stating "when the ASMS is in the 'off' position, among the conditions that must be fulfilled, the sensors and the processing units can stay operational". Therefore, the compute and sensors are not gated by the SW80 contactor. The SW80 contactor, is a normally open relay contact, that is energised by a coil gated by the LVMS/ASMS path in the SDC circuit and thus does not allow current to flow to things downstream of it when the ASMS is in the 'off' position. 

The compute side of things is also gated by another relay contact, with the coil that energises it once again lying in the SDC. However, this coil is energised on two conditions:1.The LVMS is on and 2. The  manual switch (green LED switch on the car) is on too. This way the compute module can be turned off either by the LVMS (required) or a manual toggle (not required but nice to have). Any special connections (e.g barrel jack, or usb) to supply power to the various items should be noted in text in the schematic. The jetson and pi should both have them at the time of writing this document.

The actuator side of things involves the linear actuators and the steering and braking motors. One will note there is a 12->24V converter in that subcircuit as both the steering and breaking motors require 24V. This means one should be carefule when sizing fuses for the input side of the converter as current on the input side will be much greater than the current drawn on the output side. Power in = power out and voltage is fixed. For example, if we have 30 A of current drawn on the output side, 12x = 24V*30A, x = 60 A, and that is without regard for the converter not being 100% efficient. Currently fuses have not been tested for either of the steering or braking motors and so that still needs to be done, starting low of course and working our way up as fuses blow. This document should be changed to omit the previous sentence should testing be done and a fuse sizes chosen :) 
